
ASAI CONSTITUTION GUIDELINES

Name of Club

Section I.

The Associated Students of Artificial Intelligence's goal is to gather district representatives, student leaders, and community activists to establish ethical, logistical, and equitable approaches towards issues found in our communities and around the world.


Section II.

With the help of artificial intelligence courses, as well as industry and
community leaders, ASAI aims to advance AIDA curriculums through real world
applications created by students, professors, and representatives of the
Peralta Community College District.


Section III.

ASAI hopes to prepare datasets and build models that accurately identify
ill precedents found in private and public curriculums, e-commerce markets,
smart cities, decentralized parties, and government systems.


Membership

Section I. Anyone and everyone is eligible for membership to ASAI. Bob included.

Section II. There are no restrictions on students based on GPA or class standing.


Required Membership Language

Only currently registered students, faculty, and staff may be active members in a registered student organization. Only active members may vote or hold office.


Anti-Hazing Statement

We will not haze according to California State Law; we will not restrict membership based upon race, color, national origin, religion, sex, physical, and mental disability, medical condition, ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship or status as a covered veteran (special disabled veteran, Vietnam-era veteran, or any other veteran who served on active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized). 

Just don’t haze. Appreciate.


Recording

Section I. 

ASAI’s elected treasurer will be in charge of handling the club’s budget. They will create monthly reports for submission to the elected president and advisor. 


Officers/Elections

Section II. Anyone is eligible to join ASAI and hold an elected titles.
Section III. Interviews will be held to review candidates. A 2/3 vote is required for a member to hold an elected title.
Section IV. Selection will occur every semester.
Section V. All terms will last one semester.
Section VI. Officers will be voted out with a 2/3 vote.


Meetings

Section I. ASAI will meet once every week on the fourth floor 
Section II. ASAI may hold calls for special emergency meetings that involve outdoor activities such as protests.
Section III. Emergency meetings will be announced and communicated through group text


ARTICLE VI - CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS

Section I. Any elected officials of ASAI may propose an amendment. 
Section II. Amendments are proposed during club meetings after being submitted to the club president and advisor.
Section III. Active members will be notified of an upcoming vote for an amendment via email or sms messaging.
Section IV. All amendments will need a 2/3 majority vote from the clubs active membership in order to pass.


REQUIRED AMENDMENT CLAUSE

All amendments, additions or deletions must be filed with the Office of Student Activities and Campus Life within one week of adoption.