
VCS CONSTITUTION GUIDELINES

Name of Club

Section I.

The Venture Capital Society's goal is to gather aspiring and established entrepreneurs, industry experts, financial analysts, business mentors, and experienced venture capitalists in order to build a portfolio and secure investments across financial markets, infrastructures, and platforms for the Peralta Community College District


Section II.

With the help of insights, guidance, and collaboration opportunities for
students interested in the field, The VCS strives to provide students with
opportunities to explore real-world investment scenarios, network with
industry professionals, gain hands-on experience through internships,
and develop skills in evaluating potential startups, stocks, and currencies.


Section III.

The VCS hopes to 

Membership

Section I. Anyone and everyone is eligible for membership to the VCS. Phil included.

Section II. There are no restrictions on students based on GPA or class standing.


Required Membership Language

Only currently registered students, faculty, and staff may be active members in a registered student organization. Only active members may vote or hold office.


Anti-Hazing Statement

We will not haze according to California State Law; we will not restrict membership based upon race, color, national origin, religion, sex, physical, and mental disability, medical condition, ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship or status as a covered veteran (special disabled veteran, Vietnam-era veteran, or any other veteran who served on active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized). 

Just don’t haze. Appreciate.


Recording

Section I. 

The VCS’s elected treasurer will be in charge of handling the club’s budget. They will create monthly reports for submission to the elected president and advisor. 


Officers/Elections

Section II.
Section III.
Section IV.
Section V.
Section VI.


Meetings

Section I.
Section II.
Section III.


ARTICLE VI - CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS

Section I. Any elected officials of The VCS may propose an amendment. 
Section II. Amendments are proposed during club meetings after being submitted to the club president and advisor.
Section III. Active members will be notified of an upcoming vote for an amendment via email or sms messaging.
Section IV. All amendments will need a 2/3 majority vote from the clubs active membership in order to pass.


REQUIRED AMENDMENT CLAUSE

All amendments, additions or deletions must be filed with the Office of Student Activities and Campus Life within one week of adoption.
