
VRL CONSTITUTION GUIDELINES

Name of Club

Section I.

The Virtual Reality Lab's goal is to give students, faculty, and the public the opportunity to
educate themselves and experiment with virtual reality hardware and software
while providing firsthand accounts of events and industry insights previously
protected by non disclosure agreements issued by multiple virtual reality startup companies.

Section II.

With the help of company issued training and troubleshooting manuals,
news articles, VR developers, and industry leaders, the VRL looks to explore
the potential applications of the technology and study its impact on the world,
its targeted demographics, and the industries bottom line.

Section III.

The Virtual Reality Lab is dedicated to providing affordable access to immersive VR experiences for students, faculty, and the public. Our goal is to explore the potential of VR technology through community-driven initiatives, creative experimentation, and collaborative learning. Despite financial constraints, we aim to foster a welcoming environment where everyone can explore, learn, and innovate with VR, regardless of their financial situation.


Membership

Section I. Anyone and everyone is eligible for membership to the VRL. Hank included.

Section II. There are no restrictions on students based on GPA or class standing.


Required Membership Language

Only currently registered students, faculty, and staff may be active members in a registered student organization. Only active members may vote or hold office.


Anti-Hazing Statement

We will not haze according to California State Law; we will not restrict membership based upon race, color, national origin, religion, sex, physical, and mental disability, medical condition, ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, citizenship or status as a covered veteran (special disabled veteran, Vietnam-era veteran, or any other veteran who served on active duty during a war or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized). 

Just don’t haze. Appreciate.


Recording

Section I. 

The VRL’s elected treasurer will be in charge of handling the club’s budget. They will create monthly reports for submission to the elected president and advisor. 


Officers/Elections

Section II. Anyone is eligible to join the VRL and hold an elected title.
Section III. Interviews will be held to review candidates. A 2/3 vote is required for a member to hold an elected title.
Section IV. Selection will occur every semester.
Section V. All terms will last one semester.
Section VI. Officers will be voted out with a 2/3 vote.


Meetings

Section I. The VRL will meet once every week on ___
Section II. The VRL will hold no calls for emergency meetings. All meetings and events will be planned ahead of time.
Section III. Emergency meetings will be announced and communicated through group text


ARTICLE VI - CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS

Section I. Any elected officials of The VRL may propose an amendment. 
Section II. Amendments are proposed during club meetings after being submitted to the club president and advisor.
Section III. Active members will be notified of an upcoming vote for an amendment via email or sms messaging.
Section IV. All amendments will need a 2/3 majority vote from the clubs active membership in order to pass.


REQUIRED AMENDMENT CLAUSE

All amendments, additions or deletions must be filed with the Office of Student Activities and Campus Life within one week of adoption.